Updating the note for windows must-gather prerequisites [OCPBUGS-53231] (#90413)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/about-must-gather.adoc

+
[NOTE]
====
. Audit logs are not collected as part of the default set of information to reduce the size of the files.

> . In Windows, the cwRsync client should be installed and added to the PATH for use with the oc rsync command.

Reviewer: See IBM Style for [Windows](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#windows).
Consider rewording to avoid passive voice, for example:
```suggestion
* On a Windows operating system, install the `cwRsync` client and add to the `PATH`  variable for use with the `oc rsync` command.
```
